`PhaseShift` optimizations for `qml.clifford_t_decomposition` (#6842)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * Improved decompositions done by `qml.clifford_t_decomposition` for `qml.PhaseShift` gates.
>   [(#6842)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6842)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `qml.clifford_t_decomposition` has been improved to use less gates when decomposing `qml.PhaseShift`.
  [(#6842)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6842)
```
